If you two are really married,
then prove it to me.
You two should kiss
right here, and right now.
If you're okay with it, then...
Huh?!
A kiss?!
He's about to kiss me?!
Is that... Uh...
Oh, right!
I read in a book that
a first kiss tastes like lemon!
It definitely goes well
with this marinade!
Wait, calm down, Yor!
Get a grip already!
Here I go.
W-W-W-Wait a second!
I can't do this while being sober!
Thanks for waiting...
Huh? Y-Yeah, sure...
No need to force yourself
if you don't want to...
No, this is for my sake as well.
I'll do my best.
What are you muttering about?!
Can you do it, or can't you?!
Prove it to me that you both
are a real couple!
Silence, Yuri.
We'll show off how in
love we are to you now.
Here I go, Darling.
Close your eyes now, come on.
S-Sis!
Y-Yor...
In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up
to someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are
all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up
the real emotions,
they still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
(Mission: 9 - Show Off How in Love You Are)
Sis...!
How indecent!
Sis!
Look! I ranked first at the exam!
Way to go!
Here's your reward kiss.
Kiss!
Sis...
When I grow up...
I want to marry you!
Oh, my!
Well, I guess I shouldn't get
married and wait for you, then!
Wait for you... Wait for you...
Y...
You can't do that, Sis!
I can't allow you to kiss
another guy in front of me...!
At all!!
Oh, goodness...
I can't!
Noooo!!
Is it the end of the world?!
Huh?! Y-Yuri?!
I get it, Sis...
I can't believe you rejected me so much
for trying to stop you from kissing him...
You really wanted to flirt
with him that much, huh?!
I was fool for trying to test you!
If anything, it's my feelings
that are being tested here!
Um... Anyway, you're bleeding...
Loid Forger.
I'll let you have her lips for now!
Wh-What are you saying, Yuri?!
I'll let you off the hook for today.
However!
Um... The blood...
Is this a normal thing among the Briars?
Are you okay, Yuri?
You're staggering...
- And so are you, Yor...
- I'm good.
Never mind me,
you're staggering as well, Sis.
Should I call a taxi?
No, I'm good.
You worry too much, Sis.
What are you smirking about?!
Is my disgraceful behavior
that funny to you?!
Ah, well... I just thought you two
really are wonderful siblings.
You've always supported
each other until now, right?
Yuri.
Thank you for protecting Yor until now.
I'm sure you've been through a lot.
I'll do my best to support her as well,
so why don't both of us
make her happy together?
Wh-Who would want
to borrow your hand?!
That's it! I'm out of here!
Please come again anytime.
I'm sure Yor will love it.
If possible, I'd like you to
meet our daughter too next time.
Anya stayed up late to
wait for you earlier, you know!
She's so cute, so please play with her!
No need to tell me,
of course I'll come again!
Next time, I'll find proof that
you've been toying with my sister!
He's not toying with me!
Mark my words, Loid Forger.
If you do anything that makes her cry,
I'll see to it myself that you'll be exe...
Uh...
You know... That...
Anyway, mark my words!
Be careful, okay!
And don't bother the
neighbors with your screaming!
Was he about to say "executed"?
Gotta be careful.
Is there a wiretap here...
Nope, all clear.
Well, he's a Secret Police
member, or rather...
He's that kind of brother,
so he might do that.
You can never be too careful.
Thank you, Loid.
Hm?
I'm ashamed to say this,
but thank you for taking that
improper brother of mine as family.
I see he really loves you, Yor.
I don't really have any relatives aside
from my daughter that I can rely on.
So I was kind of jealous of you two.
Loid...
My daughter's also a fake, though.
All in all,
good thing he didn't find out
about our pretend family.
Yes!
I feel so relieved,
I'm starting to get sleepy now.
Let's go to bed after cleaning up.
Of course, we'll sleep in separate beds!
I'll change them back!
S-Sure...
Father...
Save the world...
Yuri... don't hit Loid,
or I'll get angry...
When was the last time
I envied others, I wonder?
Well, time to hit the hay.
I'm sure I'm just tired.
My mission will still continue tomorrow.
Excuse me!
Huh?
Whoa?!
Which way to the station?
If anywhere, go to the hospital instead!
G'morbingh...
You look green today, Father.
Stop being half-asleep and
wash your face already, kid.
Good morning.
Too bad you couldn't meet Yuri last night.
Huh? Who's that?
Huh?! She was looking
forward to it so much, though...
It was a lively night yesterday, right?
I'm sorry...
I never thought Yor's
brother could be like that...
Huh! Uncle!
And he's also a Secret Police member,
the enemy of spies, to top it off.
S-Secret Police?!
What's that?
Secret... and police?
This sounds exciting!
Why didn't you introduce him to Anya?!
Give me back my excitement!
Did you really want to meet him so much?
Well, the storm has passed for now.
I should focus on
Anya's education for now.
Come on, hurry up and
eat your breakfast, or you'll be late.
We'll see him again soon.
Is my concern really solved now?
Yor Briar has a brother that
belongs to the Secret Police.
Yet I found nothing
suspicious about her person.
She doesn't seem to be aware
of his brother's true identity either,
and my hunch tells me that she's clean.
If anything, if she knew that her
relative works at the Security Service,
she wouldn't have to worry
about being single in the first place.
No, it's dangerous to make an assumption.
What if it all was just an act to
approach me from the beginning?
You should do well to
question everything, Twilight.
Father...
Mother...
Hm?
Mother's what?
Mother...
...sucks at cooking.
You could tell
that I made today's breakfast?!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
I did my best, though...
Oh, Yor.
Yes?
Ah... Um...
Maybe putting a wiretap
on her is going too far...
But I need to nip this anxiety in the bud.
A moment's carelessness
can lead straight to death,
and by extension, it can also affect
tens of thousands of people's lives.
It's all to confirm Yor's innocence...
There's something on your collar.
Huh?! Ah...
Thank you.
That took me by surprise!
I thought he was going to
kiss me before going to work!
Wha?!
I-I still can't forget about
what happened last night...
I can't even kiss him,
nor cook for him.
While Loid did mend things last night...
I just couldn't act like
a proper wife for him.
And I can somehow feel the
distance between him and me today.
Maybe he's upset with me
for being such a disappointment.
I need to be wary...
What's wrong, Anya?
Father and Mother must not fight.
We're not fighting or anything, though?
H-He's right!
You be sure to befriend
your classmates too, okay?
Yep.
We should get going too now.
Okay.
Kids are strangely sensitive at times.
Hey, Yuri.
What's up with those wounds?
Didn't you go to celebrate
your sister's wedding last night...?
I don't really remember much...
I bet you got drunk and
brawled with her husband, right?
I told you to quit drinking.
But I can't just let that
kind of guy be with her...
Was he a prick?
Nggh...
He was a good guy...
He was...
I think...
But spies and impostors
tend to pose as good guys!
Yeah, I hope he's really a spy!
Then I can put him to...
Calm down.
Do you even have proof of that?
Oh, shoot!
I forgot to set up
a wiretap in the living room!
Wait, hold on!
If I were to hear Sis' voice
doing this and that with him,
my heart wouldn't be able to take it!
Did you inflict those wounds yourself?
You should get off your sister for
good so that you can focus on work.
The mission to
capture the Western spies...
...especially Twilight, is ours to take.
In turn, that will help
keep your sister safe.
I know.
For now...
Loid Forger...
When the day you make
Sis cry comes, I'll make sure that you...
What's up with her?
She said, "I'm a failure
as a wife..." or something.
'Sup.
Oh, Sharon.
Huh?
How to be a good wife, you ask?
Are you having a fight with your husband?
No, it's not that...
It's just...
It's my first time having
a relationship with a man,
so I just don't know
how to act properly...
I wondered about it too,
given her past relationships,
but she really has never
gone out with a man, huh.
I just thought that
this can't go on forever...
I can't even cook at all, too...
What Anya said this morning
was a fatal blow...
Yor...
Is she trying to up her skill as a wife
to keep her cover from getting blown?
Hold on.
I can't deny the possibility that she's
playing the perfect wife to deceive me.
It's really a tragedy when your specs
are way below your husband's, huh!
Why don't you just divorce him?
I can't do that...
I feel like her relationships with her
co-workers are kind of... Hmm...
Hey, you two!
Stop talking and get to work already!
Ugh, Chief's here!
Oh, Yor.
Sorry, but could you
send this out to the post office?
Understood.
The only way to get a conclusive answer is
to do something about it myself, I guess.
Come to think of it,
we have separate accounts, huh...
Would I be able to
help him as a proper wife...
...if we lumped together our earnings,
with mine being from my "work"?
But I can't have him get
suspicious about me...
Besides, we never talked about
supporting each other financially...
Hold it right there, Miss.
We'd like to ask you something.
Can we have a minute?
Th-The Secret Police?!
D-Did I do something wrong?
Were they suspicious of me...
...for looking at an ad for couples, though
I don't have the aura of a housewife?!
I-I-I'm a married woman!
We're not picking on you.
Wait, what the heck's this?!
You suddenly called me to help you
interrogate your wife with this getup?!
Just shut up and do as planned.
It's for the mission.
I have nothing to do
with your mission!
We are the ones censoring
the incoming mail to the post office.
The sealed letter you just sent out...
...is suspected to be a cryptic
document addressed to the West.
The sender is written as "Barnes".
Is he your superior?
Y-Yes.
What's your name?
Yor B...
Y-Yor Forger.
Hm?
Wait, wait, wait.
Did you just say Yor Forger?
Your name's clearly written here.
So you're saying you're an accomplice?
He's really in the mood, huh?
So you were working as a group?
I don't know them!
This must be a misunderstanding!
It's better for you
if you just spit it out.
We've apprehended a guy from the financial
department at the city hall too recently.
So we're now sure that there's
a sizeable amount of internal corruption.
I heard he got off so miserably!
He was tortured so harshly
that his mental was broken...
...and then
he committed suicide in prison!
Last month, we even
locked up a woman about his age!
You know, that parliamentary secretary...
What's up with his character setting?
Well...
She was released because she had a
relative working for the Security Service.
It's our privilege, right!
The families of Security Service members
usually get most of the charges
against them dropped!
Anyway, we'll have you follow us
to the detention center now.
If she knows that his brother
works for the Security Service...
She can just give out Yuri's
name and get away with it.
There's no reason to
hide things from one's peers.
If things go south,
she'll just raise unnecessary suspicions
about me and my colleague here.
Now, Yor...
If you're who I think you are,
you should ask for your brother's help.
If not...
I...
I work every day for the sake
of the people living in this country.
I swear I'm not involved
in any espionage act!
There's no point in
feigning innocence!
Just follow us to the de...
I already told you that
I'm a married woman.
Please don't touch me so casually.
You and your family won't
get off Scot-free if you do this.
Both my brother and my husband...
They're good, kind-hearted citizens.
If you try to harm them unjustly...
I will show no mercy...
Even against you two gentlemen!
Oh, Second Lieutenant Mop?
Is this really the right cipher?
Huh? It can't be...
Wait a second!
Huh, this isn't a Raccoon cipher,
but a Caterpillar cipher!
After re-deciphering it,
it appears to be a letter Mr. Barnes wrote
to a well-known haemorrhoid doctor.
Huh?
Oh, I see...
He was so embarrassed,
he had to encrypt it, huh.
What a perplexing guy.
So it seems the espionage charge
against you was a mistake.
Your name's not written in this document.
You can go now, but don't tell this to
anyone to protect Mr. Barnes' honor.
Man, what a farce.
Well, judging from her behavior,
I guess it's safe to say that
she's unrelated with the Secret Police.
Hey, what's up?
Don't tell me you regret suspecting her?
It's not that.
I already told you before, but that
unneeded affection won't get you anywhere.
If you still want to live, trust no one.
That's the only way
for people like us to survive.
It's kind of annoying
when you say it with that face.
Hey! That's the face you made, damn it!
I thought I could hook up
with some girls with that face!
My handsome face...!
You can't trick women into a relationship
with a forged face, my friend.
Oh, how wise of you.
Today was nothing but anxiety...
I was almost arrested, too...
Never mind being a good wife, I was this
close to disbanding the Forger family...
Oh, Yor?
Loid!
Fancy seeing you here.
Shall we go home together now, then?
Oh? There's something
on your collar again...
I'm sorry.
I'm such a failure as a wife that
I can't even make myself look good...
From what I see, Yor...
Even in many families in the world,
every single one of them
"plays" a role and lives their life.
Like, "This is how a wife should act",
or "It's because you're a parent".
Of course, it's also wonderful
to work hard in pursuit of an ideal.
But...
Being too constrained by it
and losing sight of who you are...
...can make things go wrong.
Even in the hospital where I'm working...
There are a lot of people suffering
from that coming there.
You can get tired...
...from playing a forged role
the whole time.
Loid...
So you just do you, Yor.
If you keep an open mind, you'll be
surprisingly unnoticed by others.
Anya will be happier as well...
...if you smile in front of her.
Thank you.
I...
I'm glad I married you, Loid!
Don't tell me you regret suspecting her?
What did you just throw away?
Oh, it was the dust
I picked up earlier from your collar.
Anyway...
We didn't do anything on
our first wedding anniversary, right?
Let's go buy some cake on the way.
Sure thing!
Father, Mother! Anya's back!
Welcome back, Anya!
What's up?
Father and Mother are friends again!
I told you, we're not
even fighting in the first place.
We have a cake, Anya!
Cake! Sweet treat!
Hey, you're bothering
our neighbors downstairs.
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
(Mission: 10 - The Great Dodgeball Plan)